I'm not calling for redistribution I am
calling to stop the redistribution away
from the working classes away from
Ordinary People towards the rich if you
don't stop that living standards will
decrease right so the two questions are
one how do we effectively stop the flood
of wealth away from the middle class
it's a technical question number two
politically how do we build support for
it because the truth is I actually think
there's probably you know 10 20 you
could probably design a hundred
different ways to effectively get that
wealth back from the rich to the work I
don't think the technical question is
the problem I always point back to Roman
Abramovic when we decided we want to tax
this one rich guy turns out we
can turns out he's not Gandalf he's not
magic he owns Chelsea Football
Club you know we can take the world's
back I don't think the question the
problem is technical I honestly think
the problem is getting public support
for it if we lose the battle for hearts
and Minds you you are seeing what will
happen millions of ordinary families
can't afford to feed their kids
that is what happens if we lose the batt
hearts of M